write a black mirror script about a guy and his girlfriend who bet on sports somewhat regularly and are pretty good at it, and with the end of the world approaching before his eyes, the guy decides to create a "betting on the apocalypse" game, where people put odds on world events happening. it starts out just as kind of trolling the state of the world, and it goes away for a while. and then, all of a sudden, one of the events happens and it causes the site to go viral because people are wondering if money is riding on the event happening. and it turns out there was some crazy action that happened before he was ass*assinated, and billions of dollars were poured in by private equity who orchestrated the k*ll because they are controlling everything and knew it was going to happen

"Give me war with Iran at 1-1"

"Okay, starting off easy. what else you got?"

"trump assassinated (am i even allowed to write that word?) at 2-1"

"credit card system goes down and we turn into a cash-based economy at 4-1"

"we start printing $200 bills at 4-1"

-- "these are all kind of obvious - any outrageous ones?"

"Okay, let's guess some headlines. today was hegseth sending his war plans to a group chat with his wife and mother in it. secretary of defense getting her badge stolen along with $3,000"

"pope dies. i bet they're going to replace him with a right-wing pope. the days of 'the catholic church believes in the rights of people' are gone. we're back to follow the rules to the T, gay people are unnatural and ab****** are a sin. people don't deserve rights, they are sinners"

"yes, as your mom would say: 'a centrist'"

"exactly. irony is dead"

"what if we did a 'true or false'" kind of thing and made a story to see if people could tell whether it was true or false?"

"that's good! i have the first few: someone in a high-up government position gets hacked because they scanned a malicious QR code. someone in a high-up government position gets hacked because they signed into an unsecured public wifi."

"seriously, why don't we take data privacy seriously?!!! why does nobody know about vpn's, but without one you're basically naked out in the digital world"